Added Prose component (#11)
rapidez/blade-components: README.md

- [Conversion](https://github.com/rapidez/blade-components/blob/master/resources/views/components/button/conversion.blade.php)
- [Slider](https://github.com/rapidez/blade-components/blob/master/resources/views/components/button/slider.blade.php)

We provide basic prose styling for text components. To apply this styling, wrap your content in the following tag:
`<x-rapidez::prose>Example text</x-rapidez::prose>`
The styles are defined in a CSS file, which you can view [here](https://github.com/rapidez/blade-components/blob/master/resources/css/components/prose.css)

> ### Rapidez
> In Rapidez, prose styling is automatically applied thanks to [this configuration](https://github.com/rapidez/rapidez/blob/master/resources/js/app.js).
> 
> ### Statamic
> For Statamic, the prose styling from this package isn't applied automatically. You'll need to import it manually.
> To do this, add the following line to your `app.css` file: `@import '../../vendor/rapidez/blade-components/resources/css/package.css';`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
In Rapidez, the prose styling is automatically imported from [app.js](https://github.com/rapidez/rapidez/blob/master/resources/js/app.js), for any another project you've to import it manually:
```
@import '../../vendor/rapidez/blade-components/resources/css/package.css';`
```
````
